Adding S2_Level-3 : XSS Vulnerability #41 (#42)
skills/secure-code-game: Season2_Level-3/storyline.txt

Congratulations on completing Level 2 !
Welcome to Level 3, where new challenges and mysteries await you. Here, you will face a heightened test of your skills and knowledge.

> In this level, the website's vulnerability has become more elusive, requiring a deeper understanding of cross-site scripting (XSS) techniques. Your mission is to explore the intricate corners of the website's code, discover hidden flaws, and master the art of XSS exploitation.

Reviewer: This must change, because we tell them what they are looking for (XSS).

We can just add a more generic story about space and find another way to make it a real-world use case, but without hinting or telling about the vulnerability name. We can discuss over video or I'm happy to take this task and show you what I suggest at a later stage. We can do this last.

Welcome to Level 3 of our challenge! You've made it this far, and now you're about to embark on a mission that will test your skills in a new dimension.

> In this level, you'll find yourself exploring a website that serves as a hub for information about celestial bodies. Imagine being able to discover fascinating details about planets by simply entering their names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this level, you'll find yourself exploring a website that serves as a hub for information about celestial bodies. Imagine discovering fascinating details about planets by simply entering their names.
```
